(Please review for merge) Huawei-ohos (#1619)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/editor/publish/publish-huawei-ohos.md

- After filling in the information, click **Submit**, a release/debugging certificate (`.cer` file) will be generated, and click the **Download** button behind the certificate to download it to the local.

For more information, please refer to the [Apply for Digital Certificate](https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/doc/distribution/app/agc-harmonyapp-debugharmonyapp#h1-1598336089667) documentation.

#### Generate and download HarmonyAppProvision Profile file (`.p7b` file)

- Enter [AppGallery Connect website](https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/service/josp/agc/index.html), select **My Project**, select the HarmonyOS project and application created before.

- Click the **HarmonyOS Application -> HAP Provision Profile Management** item on the left, and then click the **Add** button at the top right of the page to create a `.p7b` file.

  ![provision profile](./publish-huawei-ohos/provision-profile.png)

> - When filling in the information, **Type** can be selected as needed **Release**/**Debug** type, but it must be consistent with the certificate type in the previous step. **Choose Certificate** Select the `.cer` file generated in the previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When filling in the information, **Type** can be selected as needed **Release**/**Debug** type, but it must be consistent with the certificate type in the previous step. **Certificate** selects the `.cer` file generated in the previous step.
```

>   > **Note**: ff the debugging type is configured, a device mist also be selected. For details, please refer to the [Registering Debugging Devices](https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/doc/distribution/app/agc-harmonyapp-debugharmonyapp#h1-1598520099105)documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > **Note**: if the debugging type is configured, a device mist also be selected. For details, please refer to the [Registering Debugging Devices](https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/doc/distribution/app/agc-harmonyapp-debugharmonyapp#h1-1598520099105) documentation.
```

> # Publish to Huawei HarmonyOS

Author: `the` is not how we would write this.

> # Publish to Huawei HarmonyOS

Author: `to`

or

`to the`

or

`for the`

which do you like?

> # Publish to Huawei HarmonyOS

Reviewer: Maybe `for the`?

> **Note**: some platforms only have Chinese documentation available when visiting the platform's website. It may be necessary to use Google Translate in-order to review the documentation.

Starting with v3.2, Cocos Creator supports packaging games for the **Huawei HarmonyOS** (`.hap`).

> ## Ready to work

Author: nice...

### Signature file

HarmonyOS applications use digital certificates (`.cer` files) and HarmonyAppProvision files (`.p7b` files) to ensure the integrity of the application. First, use **DevEco Studio** to generate a key and certificate request file, and then use the certificate request file to apply for a digital certificate and profile file for publishing/debugging in AppGallery Connect.

#### Generate key and certificate request file

In **DevEco Studio**, click **Build -> Generate Key and CSR** in the upper menu bar to generate a key (`.p12` file), and then generate a certificate request file (`.csr`). For details, please refer to the [Generate Key and Certificate Request File](https://developer.harmonyos.com/cn/docs/documentation/doc-guides/publish_app-0000001053223745#EN-CN_TOPIC_0000001154985553__section7209054153620) documentation.

> **Note**: When specifying the file path, the file name needs to be added with the corresponding suffix, otherwise the submission will not be successful.

#### Generate and download a digital certificate (`.cer` file)

> - Visit the [AppGallery Connect website](https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/cn/service/josp/agc/index.html), select **Users and Access -> Certificate Management**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Visit the [AppGallery Connect website](https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/service/josp/agc/index.html), select **Users and permissions -> Certificate Management**.
```

>   > **Note**: Currently, only invited developers can access the **Certificate Management** menu. To apply, please send the developer's name, application background, supported device type, whether there is a request for app listing, and Developer ID to `agconnect@huawei.com`. Huawei operations staff will arrange a docking staff within 1-3 working days . <br />The developer ID query method is: log in to the AGC website, click **My Project**, select any project, and find the `Developer ID` in **Project Settings -> General**.

Reviewer: This can be deleted, now no longer need to apply, please help to delete the Chinese document also, thank you.

  ![provision profile](./publish-huawei-ohos/cer-file.png)

- Click the **Add Certificate** button in the upper right corner to fill in the information. **Certificate Type** Choose **Release Certificate**/**Debug Certificate** as required. The certificate request file is the `.csr` file generated in **DevEco Studio** in the previous step.

- After filling in the information, click **Submit**, a release/debugging certificate (`.cer` file) will be generated, and click the **Download** button behind the certificate to download it to the local.

> For more information, please refer to the [Apply for Digital Certificate](https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/cn/doc/distribution/app/agc-harmonyapp-debugharmonyapp#h1-1598336089667) documentation.

Reviewer: Please switch to the English document.

#### Generate and download HarmonyAppProvision Profile file (`.p7b` file)

> - Enter [AppGallery Connect website](https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/cn/service/josp/agc/index.html), select **My Project**, select the HarmonyOS project and application created before .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enter [AppGallery Connect website](https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/service/josp/agc/index.html), select **My Project**, select the HarmonyOS project and application created before.
```

- Click the **HarmonyOS Application -> HAP Provision Profile Management** item on the left, and then click the **Add** button at the top right of the page to create a `.p7b` file.

>   > **Note**: Currently, only invited developers can access the **HarmonyOS App** menu. To apply, please send the developer's name, application background, supported device type, whether there is a request for app listing, and Developer ID to `agconnect@huawei.com`. Huawei operations staff will arrange a docking staff within 1-3 working days.

Reviewer: This can be deleted, now no longer need to apply, please help to delete the Chinese document also, thank you.

  ![provision profile](./publish-huawei-ohos/provision-profile.png)

- When filling in the information, **Type** can be selected as needed **Release**/**Debug** type, but it must be consistent with the certificate type in the previous step. **Choose Certificate** Select the `.cer` file generated in the previous step.

>   > **Note**: If the debugging type is configured, a device mist also be selected. For details, please refer to the [Registering Debugging Device](https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/cn/doc/distribution/app/agc- harmonyapp-debugharmonyapp#h1-1598336280693)documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > **Note**: If the debugging type is configured, a device mist also be selected. For details, please refer to the [Registering Debugging Devices](https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/doc/distribution/app/agc-harmonyapp-debugharmonyapp#h1-1598520099105)documentation.
```
